# Entropy for vibration signal
This is a programme designed to calculate the entropy for vibration signal identification.

## Entropy available
* improved Slope Entropy  
* Slope Entropy:
    * Slope Entropy encoding each subsequence of length m drawn from X based on the slope generated by two consecutive data samples. Thus, each subsequence can be transformed into another subsequence of length m-1 with the differences of each pair of consecutive samples, x~i~-x~i-1~. Then, two thresholds is applied to these differences in order to obtain the corresponding symbolic representation, and will ultimately map these differnces into 5 classes. In the end, probability of patterns with embedding dimension set by users is calculated to obtain the entropy value.
    * **Slopen(seq, m=3, gamma=1, delta=0.001, detail=False)**
    * **Parameters:**
        * **seq:    list**$\qquad\qquad$Sequence need to calculate the entropy.
        * **m:      int**$\qquad\qquad$Length of subsequence (Embedding dimension).
        * **gamma:  float**     Upper threshold.
        * **delta:  float**     Lower threshold.
        * **detail: bool**      Return the dictionary of frequency corresponding to each patterns.
    * **Return:**   float
* Attention Entropy  
* Shannon Entropy  
* Dispersion Entropy:
   * Dispersion Entrpy firstly apply normal cumulative distribution function (NCDF) to map x~i to y~i, and then y~i are mapped to $c$ classes with integer indices from 1 to $c$ using formula $z~i=round(c*y~i+0.5)$. But it should be noted that there are a number of linear and nonlinear mapping techniques can be used, not just NCDF. In the end, probability of patterns with embedding dimension set by users is calculated to obtain the entropy value.
   * **Disen(seq, m=3, c=3, d=1, detail=False)**
   * **Parameters:**
      * **seq:    list**         Sequence need to calculate the entropy.
      * **m:      int**          Length of subsequence (Embedding dimension).
      * **c:      int**          The number of classes that x~i will be mapped to.
      * **d:      int**          Time delay.
* Approximate Entropy  
* Sample Entropy  
* Fuzzy Entropy  
* Permutation Entropy
## Methods for Improving
* Multiscale entropy  
* Time shift multiscale entropy  
* Composite multiscale entropy  
* Refined composite multiscale entropy  
